Allow individual non-permitted puzzles in multi BLD to count as unsolved. (#670)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - 3j2) Definition: Two pieces are similar to each other if they are identical in shape and size, or mirrored in shape and identical in size.
    - 3j3) Corrugated/textured parts which permit the orientation of pieces to be distinguished by feel are not permitted for blindfolded events.
- 3k) Puzzles should be approved by the WCA Delegate before use in the competition.

>     - 3k1) If a puzzle is found to be not permitted during a round, the competitor must submit a replacement. Exception:

Reviewer: > Exception:

Huh?

Author: Removed "Exception".

>     - 3k1) If it is found during a round that a competitor used a puzzle that is not permitted, the competitor must submit a replacement.

Reviewer 2: Any reason why this wording change? I quite like the old one.

Author: I've always felt that "is found to be not permitted" is not idiomatic. :-/

>     - 3k2) Penalty for attempts done with puzzles which are not permitted: disqualification of the attempt (DNF), subject to the following exeptions:

Reviewer: > subject to the following exeptions

This expression is not used anywhere in Regulations. How about just "The following exCeptions apply"?

Reviewer: btw, intend += 2

Author: Good idea to reuse "the following exceptions apply"; I've done that!

Could you clarify what you mean with "intend += 2"?

>       - 3k2a) If a non-permitted puzzle is found before a round is complete, affected results in the round may be replaced with extra attempts, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Reviewer: Sorry for not being clear with indent += 2.
We have a standard that every level of nesting adds 4 spaces in front of the regulation number, while here 3k2 and 3k2a differ only by 2 spaces. Because of that Travis is showing an error.

Author: Ah, yes, definitely want to that right. Fixed!

>       - 3k2a) If it is found during a round that a competitor accidentally used a puzzle that is not permitted, their affected results may be replaced with extra attempts, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate. 

Reviewer: Maybe just copy-paste the original line? It doesn't contain the word "accidentally" which is hard to judge.

"If a puzzle is found to be not permitted during a round, earlier results may be replaced with an extra attempt, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate."

Author: I've taken out "accidentally" and moved it to a 3k2+.

>           - 3k2b) Multiple Blindfolded Solving: if any puzzles are found to be non-permitted, such puzzles may be individually counted as unsolved (without disqualifying the entire attempt), at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Reviewer 2: Should this be `3x3x3 Multi-Blind` now?

Author: Indeed!
```suggestion
          - 3k2b) 3x3x3 Multi-Blind: if any puzzles are found to be non-permitted, such puzzles may be individually counted as unsolved (without disqualifying the entire attempt), at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
```

>       - 3k2b) Exception for Multiple Blindfolded: if it is found during the attempt that a competitor accidentally used one or more puzzles that are not permitted, such puzzles may individually counted as unsolved at the end of the attempt without disqualifying the entire attempt, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Reviewer: > Exception for Multiple Blindfolded

The official name is "Multiple Blindfolded Solving"

Author: Updated, although we'll have to resolve that with #672.
